# Welcome to HyperifyIO

## Empowering Secure, Custom PKI Networks

### Our Mission

HyperifyIO is on a mission to empower organizations and software developers by 
providing them with the tools needed to create their own Public Key 
Infrastructure (PKI) networks. Our aim is to enhance the security of software 
solutions from the foundation, ensuring a more secure digital world.

### Our Projects

#### [`govm`](https://github.com/hyperifyio/project-govm) -- Virtual Manager for Cloud

`govm` provides a JSON-based REST API for managing virtual servers over libvirt interface 
and also a ReactJS frontend which uses it.

#### [`webhsm`](https://github.com/hyperifyio/webhsm) -- SoftHSM for the web

`webhsm` is at the core of our security ecosystem, providing a robust 
foundation for secure cryptographic operations within web applications. This 
project is crucial for ensuring sensitive operations are handled securely, 
establishing `webhsm` as a cornerstone of web application security.

#### [`webrouter`](https://github.com/hyperifyio/webrouter) -- Network router for the web

Alongside `webhsm`, our upcoming project `webrouter` is set to revolutionize 
the management of raw TCP connections in web environments. By employing a 
WebSocket-based routing mechanism, `webrouter` facilitates the use of custom 
TLS connections, enabling the deployment of secure, tailored mTLS connections 
for custom software projects.

#### [`gocertcenter`](https://github.com/hyperifyio/gocertcenter) -- Full stack PKI management solution

Another project, `gocertcenter`, is a Certificate Management Microservice 
(CMM) designed for the specialized needs of digital certificate management. 
Aimed at enhancing security for microservices and applications, it simplifies 
the generation, renewal, and revocation of various certificates. `gocertcenter` 
is perfect for organizations seeking to secure their internal communications 
with mTLS and PKI, offering both on-premise deployment and a commercial SaaS 
solution.

### Bridging Security Gaps

Our suite of projects, including `webhsm`, `webrouter`, and `gocertcenter`, 
addresses critical gaps in web application security. By enabling custom SSL 
configurations and secure certificate management, we're not just enhancing the 
security landscape but also providing a defense against sophisticated phishing 
schemes.

### Looking Ahead

HyperifyIO is paving the way towards a new era of secure, web-based 
applications. Our projects promise to provide applications with unparalleled 
confidence in their connectivity and data integrity, representing a major 
advancement in web application security.

## Get Involved

### Contribution

We welcome contributions to our projects. Your insights and efforts in 
enhancing functionalities, fixing bugs, or suggesting new features are 
invaluable.

Join our community on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/UBTrHxA78f) and make 
an impact today.

### License

Our projects are released under the Functional Source License, Version 1.1, MIT 
Future License (FSL-1.1-MIT), allowing for use, copying, modification, and 
redistribution for approved purposes, excluding competitive uses. Two years 
post-release, our software will also be available under the MIT license. For 
detailed license information, please refer to the LICENSE.md file within each 
project repository.

### Support

For support or inquiries, especially regarding our SaaS offerings and their 
applicability to securing your private services and application connections, 
please reach out by opening an issue on our [GitHub 
repositories](https://github.com/hyperifyio) or contact us directly at 
info@hg.fi.
